What is a stored procedure in T-SQL?
A precompiled collection of SQL statements and optional control-of-flow statements.

Which of the following is a benefit of using stored procedures?
Reduced network traffic

Which SQL keyword is used to create a stored procedure?
CREATE PROCEDURE

In SQL Server, are stored procedure names case-sensitive?
It depends on the collation setting of the database or server. If the collation is case-sensitive (e.g., SQL_Latin1_General_CP1_CS_AS), 
stored procedure names are case-sensitive. If the collation is case-insensitive (e.g., SQL_Latin1_General_CP1_CI_AS), they are not case-sensitive.

How do you execute a stored procedure named 'GetEmployeeData'?
EXEC GetEmployeeData;

How can a stored procedure return a value?
Using RETURN statement
Using OUT parameter

Can a stored procedure call another stored procedure?
Yes, even if SP in another database

What is the purpose of the BEGIN and END statements in a stored procedure?
To define the start and end of the procedure

Which of the following is used to pass a variable into a stored procedure?
Input parameter

What does the SCOPE_IDENTITY() function return?
The last used identity value in the current scope

Which statement is true about the OUTPUT parameters in a stored procedure?
They can return a value to the calling procedure.

What happens if you try to create a stored procedure with a name that already exists?
Nothing happens to the existing SP, and An error is thrown.

Which command is used to modify an existing stored procedure?
ALTER PROCEDURE

Can a stored procedure return multiple result sets?
Yes

Which of the following is a valid reason to use stored procedures?
To prevent SQL injection attacks
To encapsulate business logic
To improve performance

Can stored procedures be used to generate dynamic SQL?
Yes, using the EXECUTE statement

How can you improve the performance of a stored procedure?
Using indexes effectively

What is parameter sniffing in the context of stored procedures?
A process where SQL Server optimizes execution based on parameter values

What is the default value of a parameter if not specified in a T-SQL stored procedure?
NULL

Which T-SQL statement is used to delete a stored procedure?
DROP PROCEDURE

What should be used to pass a table of data to a stored procedure?
Table-valued parameter

How can you prevent SQL injection in stored procedures?
By using parameterized queries

What is the purpose of the RETURN statement in a stored procedure?
To exit the procedure and return an integer status code

How can the output of a stored procedure be captured?
Using the OUTPUT keyword

What is the main difference between a function and a stored procedure in SQL Server?
A function can be used in a SELECT statement, but a stored procedure cannot.

Can a stored procedure in T-SQL have a transaction within it?
Yes, including nested transactions

What happens when a stored procedure is called with the wrong number of parameters?
It does not execute and an error is returned.

Can you use PRINT statements in a stored procedure for debugging purposes?
Yes, and the output will be visible in the messages tab in SSMS

What is the scope of variables declared in a stored procedure?
Local to the stored procedure

What is the result of nesting too many stored procedures?
Potential stack overflow

Can you use Error Handling Try..Catch in SP?
Yes

What is the impact of using the sp_ prefix in the name of a user-defined stored procedure?
It may cause name conflict issues with system stored procedures.

Which T-SQL command is used to view the definition of a stored procedure?
SP_HELPTEXT

In a stored procedure, what is a good practice when handling errors?
Use TRY...CATCH blocks to handle exceptions

What is a key benefit of encapsulating business logic in stored procedures?
It makes the application layer simpler and more secure

How can you capture the number of rows affected by a SQL statement in a stored procedure?
By using the @@ROWCOUNT system function.

Can a stored procedure contain dynamic SQL?
Yes, and it can be executed using EXEC or sp_executesql.

Can a stored procedure in T-SQL invoke a web service?
Yes, but only through CLR integration

What is the use of the WITH ENCRYPTION option when creating a stored procedure?
To encrypt the procedure's source code to protect it from being viewed

What is the role of the sp_executesql stored procedure in SQL Server?
To execute a dynamic SQL statement

You can you capture the number of rows affected by a SQL statement in a stored procedure, By using the @@ROWCOUNT system function.
True
